‎In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
‎Just a normal girl with a normal life.
‎But there's something about me
‎that no one knows yet.
‎Because I have a secret.
‎♪ Miraculous! Simply the best! ♪
‎♪ Up to the test when things go wrong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! The luckiest! ♪
‎♪ The power of love, always so strong! ♪
‎♪ Miraculous! ♪
‎Come on! Look at these.
‎Don't you want to play with them?
‎Dolls? I hate dolls! I hate toys!
‎They're for babies!
‎Yes, but you're too young to play
‎Grim Monster Clash ‎Three‎!
‎No, I'm not! And I'm not scared
‎of monsters any more, you know! I'm--
‎A big kid. Yes, I know.
‎Why don't we watch a cartoon instead?
‎I have‎ Patati and Patato‎ if you want!
‎That show's for babies! I'm a big boy!
‎Uh...
‎We could play with your snow globe?
‎Ew!
‎-Hey, what's that?
‎That? Oh, uh... It's nothing!
‎Hey! No fair.
‎Come on! What are all those gifts?
‎Uh, look...
‎I can't say they're the gifts I've made
‎for Adrien's next 35 birthdays,
‎'cause you'd tell Nino,
‎and he'd tell Adrien,
‎and Adrien would think I'm totally crazy!
‎Wait. Maybe I am.
‎Hmm. I can't tell you I'm one
‎of Santa Claus' elves on a secret mission
‎and that I'm looking after
‎one of his boxes of gifts.
‎You wouldn't be interested,
‎because gifts are for babies, right?
‎And you're a big kid.
‎-That's a lie!
‎-What? That you're a big kid?
‎No! That you're one of Santa Claus' elves!
‎I can't say anything more!
‎Hey, wait! That means you can
‎give me my Christmas present early!
‎Grobotek Ultima Destruktor! It's easy.
‎It's gotta be the biggest one in the box!
‎Now, wait a minute.
‎I thought toys were for babies!
‎They are, most of the time.
‎But Grobotek's different.
‎You don't say! Well, I'm sorry,
‎but Christmas rules are very strict.
‎You don't open gifts early.
‎Santa gives them at Christmas,
‎not at Easter or Halloween.
‎Otherwise, you might as well have a bunny
‎or a witch delivering your presents!
‎But, since you know him,
‎you could ask him.
‎Can't you just call him on the phone
‎or send him an email?
‎Oh, no! You never disturb Santa Claus,
‎except at Christmas.
‎The rest of the year,
‎he's in the North Pole!
‎Devi... uh...
‎supervising the production of toys.
‎Besides, your present isn't here.
‎Elves don't watch over
‎gifts for kids we know.
‎One of the other elves must have it.
‎Only Santa'd know where to find it,
‎because he knows who's getting what.
‎He has the list of good children!
‎There is one exception
‎to the Christmas rule!
‎-Really? What is it? What is it?
‎-Santa is allowed to make one exception,
‎but only for the best behaved kid
‎in the whole world.
‎Who's the best behaved kid in the world?
‎Hmm. Maybe... Ladybug?
‎Well, seeing as she's saved Paris
‎a gazillion times, that makes sense.
‎Or a kid, for example,
‎who cleans up all the mess he's made
‎and plays quietly with toys
‎that are for kids his age.
‎-We're back!
‎-Did you guys have fun?
‎-Sure we did! How was the movie?
‎-Awesome!
‎Thanks for watching my bro, Marinette.
‎What's wrong, little dude?
‎I want it to be Christmas right now!
‎I have absolutely no idea
‎where that came from.
‎OK, I guess we'd better get going.
‎Bye, girl.
‎-See you at school tomorrow!
‎-Yeah. Bye, Nino! See you soon, Chris!
‎-An elf on a secret mission?
‎Seriously! Don't you think
‎you went too far this time?
‎I know, Tikki, it was pure ridiculousness,
‎but I couldn't tell him the truth!
‎Besides,
‎I simply told Chris a nice little story,
‎which, hopefully,
‎will teach him some patience!
‎Speaking of which,
‎I've an idea of what I can give Adrien
‎for his 50th birthday!
‎Give me a hand?
‎Mmm-hmm.
‎What? Snow?
‎Whoa! How long was I asleep?
‎Aaah!
‎It's over, Santa Claus! You're surrounded!
‎Surrender and don't put up a fight!
‎-Searching for Santa Claus, far and wide!
‎-There's no way he can hide!
‎-Get back on the sidewalks!
‎-Running in the road is forbidden!
‎-Santa Claus! Have you seen Santa Claus?
‎OK! It's all just a dream.
‎I'm going back to bed.
‎Ow! Why did you do that, Tikki?
‎-See? You're not dreaming!
‎-Well, if I'm not, it means...
‎This does look like a nightmare.
‎Tikki, spots on!
‎Ha!
‎Santa Claus? Have you seen Santa Claus?
‎Santa Claus? But it's not Christmas yet!
‎Nadja Chamack here.
‎Don't be bemused, it's just the news.
‎Paris has been literally invaded
‎by giant toys looking for Santa Claus.
‎Major Teddisky here! Santa Claus,
‎all your toys now belong to us!
‎If you don't give yourself up real quick,
‎this little city of Paris
‎will go kaboom lickety split!
‎What's going on?
‎-You'll never guess what I just found.
‎-Actually, I think I know, Milady.
‎I'm with Santa. We're at the ice rink.
‎I'll meet you there!
‎I can't believe it.
‎Are you really Santa Claus?
‎No. I'm the Easter Bunny in disguise. You
‎can't see my long ears because of the hat.
‎Of course I'm Santa Claus!
‎Oh! OK! I need you to know
‎I've been a really good boy.
‎I smell a wood fire and cinnamon cookies!
‎Santa Claus must be nearby!
‎Soldiers! Get in line!
‎At your command, Colonel Woof Woof!
‎Follow me! This way!
‎Searching for Santa Claus, far and wide!
‎To Luna, Maya and Talia.
‎When I tell my daughters I met you,
‎they're going to freak out!
‎Santa Claus? I'm so glad you're all right!
‎But what are you doing here?
‎It's not Christmas yet.
‎I've no idea!
‎I was busy supervising the production
‎of toys for next Christmas with my elves,
‎when all of a sudden... Bang!
‎I woke up in my sleigh, in the Paris sky.
‎Flying catfishes destroyed my sleigh.
‎My reindeer were able to get away,
‎but if it hadn't been for Cat Noir,
‎they would have captured me!
‎Don't you think this whole thing
‎is kind of strange?
‎Stranger than fighting a Pharaoh's
‎reincarnation or a Pigeon Overlord
‎empowered by magical butterflies,
‎you mean?
‎Aha! Gotcha!
‎My sense of smell has sniffed you out,
‎Santa!
‎-Follow me and do not show resistance!
‎-Stay back, Santa!
‎Chris Master demands his gift!
‎-Chris Master?
‎-Christmas gifts must be deserved,
‎and they're only given at Christmas!
‎If you think I'll bend the rules,
‎you're barking up the wrong tree!
‎Now hold on a minute!
‎There's no use in fighting.
‎That's not the Christmas spirit.
‎-Hmm?
‎-Would it be such a big deal
‎if you gave the presents early,
‎just this once?
‎Listen to the smart man!
‎While we're at it,
‎I asked for super blades
‎and I could really use them
‎for my competition.
‎-I kinda like this idea! I asked for--
‎-Stop! That's not the way it works.
‎Aw! Why not?
‎Christmas rules are very strict.
‎You don't open gifts early!
‎I give them at Christmas,
‎not at Easter or Halloween.
‎Otherwise you might as well have a bunny
‎or a witch delivering your presents!
‎Oh, no! What have I done?
‎-Couldn't you...
‎-Make an exception?
‎Tradition is tradition.
‎If we stop respecting it,
‎then it's the end of Christmas.
‎Aw...
‎Well, there is one case in which
‎I could make an exception, for...
‎The best behaved kid in the whole world.
‎The one at the top of your list
‎of good children.
‎Bravo, Ladybug! At last,
‎someone who knows the rules of Christmas!
‎But I doubt your Chris Master is
‎the best behaved kid in the whole world!
‎In that case... Soldiers, attack!
‎-Attack!
‎Why so much hatred?
‎Whoa!
‎Ladybug, Cat Noir! Protect Santa!
‎I can take care of these toys!
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha! Triple axel!
‎And a pike spin into a double toe loop!
‎Not so high and mighty now, are we?
‎Ow! Those are some sharp teeth for a toy!
‎Get me out of here!
‎I think I know who the toys' master is.
‎-Who is he?
‎-I just have to check first, to be sure.
‎May I, Santa?
‎Mmm! That smell of a wood fire and
‎cinnamon cookies... it's so Christmassy!
‎-You're up, Santa Cat!
‎-This way!
‎I smell Santa Claus' scent!
‎Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas everyone!
‎There he is! I can smell him!
‎He's not far, follow me!
‎Come on, Santa.
‎I know where to find Chris Master!
‎Chris! Chris! Chris!
‎Ladybug! My little bro, Chris, he was
‎in his bedroom and then he disappeared!
‎-Santa Claus?
‎-Ho, ho! Hello, Nino!
‎Nino, I think Chris has been akumatised.
‎-Notice anything different about his room?
‎-His ‎favourite ‎toys have gone missing too!
‎-Plastic soldiers? A catfish?
‎-Yes! Plus his dinosaur.
‎So he is the toys' master! But he could
‎be anywhere! How are we going to find him?
‎Please save the little dude, Ladybug!
‎Lucky charm!
‎Stationery?
‎You make surprise gifts appear?
‎Are you competing with me, Ladybug?
‎Of course! You're right! A surprise gift!
‎Could I have my Christmas present
‎right now, Santa? Please!
‎-You know that I can't do that, Ladybug.
‎-Except...
‎For the best behaved kid
‎in the whole world! But...
‎It's certainly worth a try!
‎Unbelievable!
‎Ladybug, you‎ are‎ the best behaved kid
‎in the whole world!
‎Seeing as she's saved Paris a gazillion
‎times, that totally makes sense!
‎"Dear Santa, I want the same gift
‎as Chris Lahiffe, whatever it is."
‎Are you sure about this?
‎You know this is the only gift
‎you'll get this whole year from me!
‎Yes, I know. But I'm doing it
‎to save Paris and Nino's little brother.
‎Ah, you really do deserve to be
‎at the top of my list!
‎-Merry Christmas!
‎-Thank you, Santa.
‎Now get to safety. I'll take it from here.
‎By the way, Santa,
‎where do I fall on the list?
‎Chris Master!
‎I've got your Christmas present!
‎Come and get it if you want it!
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha! Ah!
‎Wow! Awesome! Grobotek Ultima Destruktor!
‎Mission accomplished, Chris Master!
‎We have captured Santa Claus!
‎He tried to trick us by dressing up
‎as Cat Noir, but he couldn't fool us!
‎You‎ were‎ tricked!
‎That's Cat Noir dressed up as Santa Claus,
‎not the other way around!
‎You're such babies! Keep searching!
‎It doesn't matter, Chris Master!
‎You don't need Santa Claus any more,
‎now that you have your present.
‎I, on the other hand,
‎haven't yet received mine.
‎Take Cat Noir's Miraculous,
‎then all we have to do
‎is get hold of Ladybug's magic jewels!
‎Gimme your paw, kitty cat!
‎Hawk Moth wants your ring.
‎It's a stupid, dumb-dumb
‎Christmas gift, but that's his problem!
‎Ladybug?
‎Christmas presents are delivered
‎on Christmas Eve,
‎and only to the good kids, Chris Master!
‎I hate to say you and Hawk Moth
‎didn't even make Santa's list!
‎That's where you're wrong, Ladybug!
‎You've just brought me my second gift,
‎which only goes to show what a good
‎Hawk Moth I have been this year!
‎Use the powers I gave you, Chris Master,
‎and seize their Miraculous!
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha! I have my secret weapons
‎to fight you with. Yourselves!
‎Have fun, dumb-dumbs!
‎At least now we know for sure
‎that the akuma is in his snow globe!
‎-Then we'll have to defeat ourselves!
‎-Lucky charm!
‎Cataclysm!
‎Lucky charm!
‎Playtime never ends for these two!
‎Problem is, my playtime is up!
‎I don't have much time
‎before I transform back!
‎Watch out!
‎Then it's time to show them
‎who the real game masters are!
‎Aaah!
‎My toys are going to destroy you!
‎You guys are such babies!
‎It's over. In a few seconds now,
‎the Miraculous will be mine.
‎Christmas has come early this year.
‎Lucky charm!
‎Cataclysm!
‎What about using my power to destroy them?
‎Lucky charm!
‎If that's our only choice! But we need
‎to save it to smash the snow globe.
‎Ho, ho, ho! Paws off, you naughty toys!
‎ Santa Claus!
‎At your service, Ladybug!
‎There's no way I'm letting anything happen
‎to the best behaved kid in the world!
‎-I'll take care of these two!
‎-The best behaved kid in the world?
‎-That's me!
‎-Hmm.
‎Argh! No fair! My toys!
‎Come on, Chris, give me that snow globe.
‎You've got your Christmas gift.
‎If you don't want me to take away
‎your present, Chris Master,
‎remember that you're supposed to bring me
‎Ladybug and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
‎No! Stop!
‎Oh, no!
‎Destroy them, Grobotek Ultima Destruktor!
‎Aaah!
‎Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! Nobody can beat
‎Grobotek Ultima Destruktor!
‎I can take it down.
‎Nothing can resist my Cataclysm!
‎I know, but I'll need it fully functional.
‎Follow my lead.
‎Hey! Grobothing!
‎You want my Miraculous? Come and get it!
‎Over to you, Cat Noir!
‎Stop, Grobotek!
‎Cataclysm!
‎No! Not my toy!
‎You have a choice,
‎your toy or the snow globe!
‎No! Don't do that!
‎Ho, ho, ho! Listen to Ladybug, kid.
‎You won't regret it!
‎No!
‎Thank you, Chris Master.
‎No more evil-doing for you.
‎Time to de-evilise!
‎Gotcha!
‎Bye-bye, little butterfly.
‎Huh?
‎Pound it!
‎-Goodbye, my friends.
‎-Hmm?
‎Goodbye, Santa Claus!
‎Goodbye? Why?
‎Santa was brought here
‎by Chris Master's power.
‎-So when everything's repaired...
‎-I'll be gone, till next Christmas!
‎Miraculous Ladybug!
‎Huh? Ah!
‎-So, big kid, feeling better?
‎-Yeah. But I don't remember much.
‎-Don't worry. Everything's fine!
‎-Come on, big boy!
‎Cat Noir,
‎could you take Chris home, please?
‎Sure thing.
‎Goodbye, Ladybug!
‎You stole my Christmas presents, Ladybug,
‎but my birthday's coming soon,
‎and trust me, I'll make sure
‎it's a day you'll never forget!
‎-Thanks for looking after the little dude.
‎-Have fun!
‎Sure will. It'll be awesome.
‎We're really good buddies.
‎I know I shouldn't have told you
‎I was an elf,
‎-but you were acting like...
‎-A baby. I know.
‎Mommy says lying is wrong.
‎So from now on, we'll always
‎tell each other the truth, OK?
‎OK, as long as you stop
‎trying to act all grown-up!
‎You're not an elf,
‎but you still have another secret, right?
‎Another secret? What... what do you mean?
‎Like a secret identity?
‎No! the secret in that chest!
‎OK, the truth.
‎-There is this guy I have a crush on.
‎-Eew! No! Stop! I hate romantic stuff!
‎Gross!
‎Oh, I am so in love!
‎I dream about holding his hand
‎and looking at the stars together!